The Army Joins the Pantheon
Then there are some things that don't need to be hidden.
Let's go.
You, you are the general next to my boss.
Huyen Yu, are you not dead?
Ha Tam Sword Electric Lake
Huyen Yu regardless was a bright light that my Pantheon placed next to the Nine Cups Circle.
It's very convenient for me that Pantheon got Qin Fang in time.
That day I lied to the trust of the Infernal Earth.
If I don't
How can you trust your brother or sister?
He will be his own assassin.
So that's it.
Half temple plot abyss
Admire
I'm afraid it's empty.
You also have many wives in the royal court.
Good.
But, this will have to wait for you to scold me like a camel before you can tell you.
That's right, I just joined.
You need to show your sincerity first.
What is the store going to do next?
The next step we'd like you to take is to use your daytime reinforcements position.
If you're not angry
What's going on?
This time I really want to see my good brother off.
Then I'll wait.
Expect good news from reinforcements.
Don't worry, cooperate with the reinforcements.
They're all self-contained reinforcements.
Yes.
Then do it first.
Under the tree seen in the Pantheon